Travis Rioi died last time cuz Komodo
was an idiot. And what happened was
Komodo, he basically taunted the monster
with his stupid ugly face and then he
pooed himself. He pooed himself. Yeah,
but Komodo did it. Komodo did it. He's a
dooy head. Yeah. No, this is the last
episode. Okay. Watch. Watch. All right.
The monster walks in the room. We're
stand on the balcony. He's like,
and then it blew us all up. That is not
what happened. I go I go I go I go.
That's it. That's it. Very quiet. said,
"Can it see us?" And then we went, "Can
it see us? Can it see?" And it murdered
us. And then Kimoto went Komodo went,
"That thing can't see us. That thing is
deaf." I did not see. That's what
happened. Yep. Viewers decide to decide.
Nope. Viewers, I don't remember. Yeah.
You know who uh whose shout out's worth
more? Not his. You don't want a shout
out for me? No, I don't actually. Wait,
why? What's going on? I actually want
the anti- shoutout.
No, I don't want to do that. That's
mean.
Well, I got I got I got
You know what? Hey,
you big fat.
[Laughter]
We are professionals now. We got to get
in. Get out quick. Obie's not here.
Yeah. You remember last time he was
here? He totally ruined the whole round.
He's like, "Hey guys, there's a big
monster down there and it just killed
us."
That's what I thought. Totally not
scripted. Totally not a scripted intro.
Let's go. Let's go, boys. Good start.
Good start. Good start. Run in and grab
stuff as fast as possible. We're on
level one. This is like babies mode.
Yeah, we would be on level like 10 if
you didn't get us killed last time.
Yeah, we get level 10 if we didn't get a
kill last time.
Myo died
in speedun. Oh, I died in ripple, guys.
Look at this. It off. I hope you fall
off again. Boom. Take that. Yeah, take
that, you idiot. Oh, no. It's that
didn't do anything.
Now, don't you look like an idiot? You
look like an idiot. Your face is an
idiot. Your mom is an idiot. That was
me. I'm sorry.
I love you.
Look, I found Kabota's mom. His whole
family. It's Double Door. Yeah, I found
Dumbodorf.
Hello. Walk away.
is a child of darkness. Absolute pure
demonic energy in essence. Pure hatred
is what it is. A child pure unimaginable
hatred.
Ryan, listen. Listen. We alone right
now. Come on. spot cannot hear me. Do
not tell them what I just did. I'm
serious. Do not go to their channel and
tell
them. Let's just chill. Just chill.
Let's have a nice day. Have a nice day
together. Me, you. What's back here?
Okay. Boom. See? Fixed it. Boom. Fixed
it. $600. Boom. Don't drop it.
Hello. Hi. There's a monster.
Oh, come on.
Wait, I can hear the left. Oh, I can
hear you. Don't come in here. There's a
monster. Is it the thing with the mask
and the like the cape? It's a grim
reaper looking dude. Yeah. Yeah, that
one. We just ran into it. It came your
way. Yeah. Hey, you didn't see me break
$4,000 worth of items earlier, so that's
good. Wait, what? What items were it? I
think Spy just cleared the extraction.
He did. I want to leave you. Goodbye.
No. Come on. Away,
please. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Guys, I'm coming.
It's got to go straight exactly where
it's going. Now, this does a Hello, are
you deaf? Hello, monster. Are you deaf?
Monster, are you deaf? Monster, are you
deaf?
It's deaf. Don't
worry. It's all for you. Look,
I'll smash 4,000. Oh my goodness.
I'm pushing it. I'm
We can't die in the first level, guys.
It's impossible. He can't get in. His
head is too big. His head is too big.
You freaking idiot, dude. You're an
idiot, dude. Look at this loser, bro.
Obie hit Q. Obie hit Q. No, no, no.
You're going to push me out there. I'm
not stupid. Hey, we didn't put the thing
in.
Also, Obie totally broke like $4,000
with the stuff he told me. I did. Oh,
yeah. Okay. Don't look at him. Don't
look at him. I'm not. I'm looking this
way. I think we have to We probably have
to go back here to get it to go away.
Wait, we didn't actually click the
button, did we? We don't have the thing
on the cart. Yeah, there we go. Well,
now we got to wait for it to leave. It's
leaving right now, dude. Try to chill
out, bro.
That's right. You better leave. I'm
going do it. All right, put that bad boy
on. I was hoping it was going to come
back in the room and murder Obie. There
we go. We did it. We did it. Hey guys,
we're professionals. We didn't die to
some baby monsters. I mean, Obie smashed
$4,000 worth of Yeah, smash the like on
my video.
You
wish. Sorry, I'm saucy
today. It's coming back. It's okay,
buddy. You're fine. Get your eyeballs
off me. Poke your eyes out.
Are you going to hit me with your eyes?
I'm going to hit you. I'm going to touch
Let's touch eyes, dude. Let's touch
eyeballs. That is not normal. Can we all
touch eyes together? I got to start
eyeballs. Come on, everyone touch them.
This I am not I Come on, dude. Let's go
to the store. Let's get done and we can
go to the next level. Okay,
have to restart everything because we
got us killed last
time. Okay, three upgrades. Strength,
stamina. Let's do this. Let's do it,
boys. I'm going to be strong boy again.
I'm going to be so strong. You guys be
so proud of me. You pick up the
monsters. I'm going to pick up the box
soon. Let's give him He can't do that.
What? Stop screaming. Stop screaming.
I'm not screaming. I'm talking at a
perfectly indoor I'm I'm literally
talking at a perfectly indoor volume. He
sounds kind of He sounds kind of loud.
You going to start the truck up? Yeah.
Start the truck up. Let's do this. Yeah.
Start the truck up. Yeah. Start the
truck up.
I hope you jump out of a moving window.
I hope you fall a bus. I hope you fall
face first into a giant butt. A stanky
butt.
It's probably your mom's then got
salmon.
Headman's matter, baby. Script.
Level two. All right, we got a
challenge. You cannot talk for the next
10 minutes. What am I supposed to do for
a video? Just make facial expressions.
I need some help here, muscle boy. I got
a diamond. Hold on. Yeah, go help him.
Let me put the diamond on the thing cuz
this tele man.
Yeah. Grab the monkey. Okay, here we go.
Okay, let me go get that TV. Left side.
Left side. Look at that.
Okay, put that in.
What you got there, boy? Monkey. Got a
monkey. Wow. Monkey chalice. Oh, put it
down. was clapping his hands. Bro, you
missed the whole cart. Are you stupid?
What? What? It fell out. I had to put it
in. I got to do a draw for you now. Make
a noise. Get it to shut up. Well, how do
you It's a monkey, dude. Grab it like
that. Just Yeah, but it's going to eat
test because the monkeys being loud.
It's a monkey. Calm down. Why are you so
scared of monkeys?
Hey, watch it. Watch out. We got some
breakable uranium. Yes, sir. Yeah.
That's 10,000. We can already clear
them. No. Well, let's get as much in in
these rooms here. For sure. For sure.
Maybe potentially the next extraction.
Okay.
What was that? Oh, hello. It's me with
the cart. I heard
[Music]
comm. Why is it so expensive? 27. It's
uranium. Uranium. It's like the most
thing. Wait, what's this box?
It's just a music box. Chill, bro. Yeah,
but it's spinning me. Oh my goodness. I
don't think I've ever held on to this.
Here we go. Here we go. There we go. Oh,
no. Hold on. No. Let's spin around one
more time.
They go right now.
I
mean, more loot.
Is that going to fall? We got 17k.
Wait, did I hear something? I feel like
I should bring this back. I think we
have enough.
Hold on. We got more. I have a cat
meowing.
To be fair, I think we're almost towards
the end. I'm going to hide here. I'm
going go let a cat out. You guys You
guys good? I heard some There was a
noise. I heard like a Okay, something
could happen. Just go get the cat.
Okay, fine. I will. I don't give a darn.
Do whatever I want. Come on. Come on,
Mrs. Kitty Cat. Let's not make too much
noise though for Komodo
sensitivity. There we go.
Why is there music playing? Don't worry
about it. Mr. Dominic makes noise. I'm
playing Weo.
[Music]
What is going on out here?
Making noise. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Is
that too
mean? Hello. Hello. Hi. Oh, hi. How are
you? We got 21,000, dude. Let's go.
20. Wait, what? 24, I guess. Should I
bring this back home? I think I should
bring this back home. Sh. Hey, lady with
the blades. Let's go back that way.
Let's go this way. Dude, this box is
going to fall. It's fine. Don't worry
about it. Oh jeez. Oh, it's a bad box.
Oh, we just dropped that one. There you
go.
Go to the left. This way. Yep. Oh, watch
our
backs. Yeah, there's gnomes and the
blade ladies there. Gnomes. I don't care
about the blade lady. A little
different. Well, the thing is when you
start grabbing the gnomes and stuff,
she's with them, so you kind of have to
mash him in front of her. All right,
guys. Look at the 24. That's pretty good
for our first one, dude. Are we crazily
good at this game? We're crazy good.
Crazily good. Crazily good. You're crazy
good. The best ever. You know what,
Obie? I apologize for all the me and
your mother jokes I said earlier. You're
actually a pretty okay guy. Yeah, I
actually don't apologize for mine, but I
feel like I deserve to not apologize. We
have enough to create an extra traction.
Really? I think so. Right. There's just
a gnome just standing here. I love you,
Kabota. Watch out. I'm going to run him
over.
Go ahead. Take this. Oh, they jump in.
They jump into me. Ineffective.
Got him. I
tried. Oh, komodo gaming.
Oh, no. I think it is way
or straight. A lady was in this room
ahead of us. I'll go up and check.
Nothing. Nothing up here. It's just a
Hi.
Hi. Oh, bottle of a wine. I'm running.
This is a Chardonnet. It's a nice
chardet. Oh, it's a red wine. Water.
It's a deep red wine for cooking.
We going to put that in our spaghettiio.
I'm going to go try to find the
extraction.
Oh, I hear it.
Careful. Get it. Yeah, we might as well
get as much as we can. Nothing. Nothing.
Okay, there's something in this room.
I see a yellow dot. Grab it real quick.
2200. Can I put it out? Those things are
fragile. Like my feelings.
Wait, you say your your feelings are
fragile? Yeah, I'm a very sensitive
young man. All right. Well, you tell me
bro fell off and I will literally Well,
we're about to get ready.
Wait, are we going to have excess money?
I got enough. Do we do we have to carry
that to the thing or we
are you never played repo before? You're
alive one time in your life. Poo poo
room. Hey Obie, maybe you should stop
talking.
[Music]
She can't hear us, but she could see us
good.
Is she below us? She is. I don't know.
She's coming. She's
coming. I can't I
can't I can't see anything.
Hey, little guy. You okay? No, not yet.
She's right there. Okay.
Yeah. She can't hear a thing. So, we can
just Why are we whispering then? She's
going. There's gnomes. The gnomes are
distracting her. I feel like running
right by her, right? Nope. No, she's
guarding us. The gnomes are bringing her
here. Uhoh.
What if I just run for her right now?
Wait, does she know we're here? I don't
know. She does. Uh-oh. Get over here,
you little jerk.
Okay. There's so many gnomes.
She went back to where we need to go, I
think. Guys, I found a briefcase. I'm
taking this. Oh, no. No,
no. Help me. Help me, child. Why is
there so many gnomes? Cuz they keep
spawning when you do the last
extraction. She's in here. She's in
here. She's in
here. Can I bring this back? Will this
extract if I bring it to the truck? No.
Right. No, it'll break. You'll It'll
break. Oh, hello. She's Yeah, she's
literally blocking the way.
Or can I make a great escape?
Nope. She's coming back this way.
[Music]
Kimoto did not run. Dodge. I did. I was
crazy good.
Komodo. All right, I think we just go. I
think we just go. He's He's dead. He's
probably dead. I think we just we just
do this. Let me be driving. Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa. Careful. Come on out.
We should probably We should probably
check on him. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. No,
don't. Did she die to No. There's no
way. There's literally no
way. Come on out.
She She backtracked. I was sitting
there. I was like, "Oh, she's going to
kill me." Yeah, she did, boy. And I was
hoping she would. You know what, Obie?
Yeah, buddy. No, you don't. You little
rascal. Look at all that money. That's a
lot of money.
No.
Keep bringing
the zo.
Did we win? Yeah. Yes, we did. Good,
son. That's what That's what I like to
see. Yeah. Yes, that is what I like to
see. Four upgrades.
Upgrades. Stamina. I got a stage. Do we
have allergy medicine?
St. It went away. He's on this. Jeez.
I'm sorry. What are you doing? Well,
next time when it happens, it'll happen.
Let it be natural. Don't strip it. Hey,
at least let it ste like when the
monsters here
like that. Yeah, it's got to sound
exactly like that. Start the truck.
Okay. Level three swift.
Harry pooper is here. Wait, that's where
Harry Did you say Harry pooper? I know.
Harry Potter. Harry Pooper. Harry
Pooper.
Sounds weird. Oh, thank goodness it's
going on dark. Jeez.
$11,000 right here. Let's go, baby. Oh,
you need a little help there. You need a
little help here. What you do with
these? You You just pick it up like a
man. Like, man.
That's why that's why I'm lifting it.
Yeah. I'm going to take it all the way
to the extraction point. Yeah. But say
this is really pointless.
Go left. How strong I am, boy. See that
muscle?
See that muscle? I already got a compass
in here and everything. Shut up. Okay.
Do you really have Are you following me?
Yeah. Why? Wait. What's this? Sorry.
What the Sorry. Did you just run me over
with a car? Sorry about that. It's all
about that. I'm going to run you over
with a car in real life. Good luck,
buddy.
Can I don't think you can do it. That's
$6,200. How about you? How about I hit
you with your car? Your own car? My car
is a It would stop. It'd say that's my
owner. I protect him with my not
according to the was it the Mark Robber
video where it ran through and murdered
a bunch of kids.
I mean,
true. Well, you know what? I'm out of
kids, though.
Might as well be. We got a lot of money.
What's happening? What's that noise?
What was that? I don't know. I think
that's the crown. That might have been
the laser. Oh, you think Spy's dead.
It sounds like it's going off a lot. Oh,
it's straight ahead. Walk away. Come on.
He's alive. He's alive.
I see it. It's a cloud. Oh, sorry. Come
on. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. It's
coming. I know. I knocked you back. I
knocked you back.
Where is it? Can Is it blind? Is it
blind or does it hear us? It has good
vision.
Yeah, we heard the noise go off. We just
We got a lot of money though. Yeah, we
do have a lot of money.
We got 10,000 here.
There's also a big cube at the
extraction point.
Where'd it go? It went straight ahead.
Okay. So, there's a items over there I
didn't grab. Well, let's just grab the
cart real quick and turn it in. I think
we have maybe enough close. Yeah.
Yeah. What is this?
You know, if you drop these, they
explode.
Okay, let's take the car back, guys. I'm
going to take the car back. Okay.
These explode, by the way. I did not
know that. So, be very careful. club.
He's doing it for content. You got
content brain. Okay, hold on. Is that
what they called it? Yeah.
There we go. Is that fair? That's pretty
good, y'all. Holy. Yeah, that's pretty
good. I mean,
it could be better. It's decent. It's
decent. I've seen better, but that's
decent. Okay, if we go left, there's a
bunch of items, but there's also one.
Okay.
Watch out for Ralph. Oh, never mind.
Now, there's a giant box and I know how
we feel about those.
Do you guys think I should It's Ralph.
I'm going to get this giant box and I
know it's super dangerous, right? What?
Oh. Oh, [__] What's coming? Oh, she's
class.
The laser dude. The clown. The clown. He
like walked in. I ain't worried about no
clown.
There's a marshmallow man. Yeah, I saw
that guy. What does he do? I've never
seen it before. He's like the big dude
with the mace.
Oh, he's so cute. He is like a Stay Puff
marshmallow man. Yeah, the clown was
also in there, by the way. He went to
the left.
I hear something.
Kamoto.
I think it was shoot at
me. I think Kimoto's okay. The box. It's
breaking the box.
Uhoh. I wanted that. It's dancing on the
It's Fortnite dancing.
Oh jeez.
I want to see what happens. Oh, there
goes down there, too.
Oh. Oh. What happens? Does it explode? I
don't know.
They're really attracted to it. Yeah.
Whatever's in there must be like snacks
or something. Or a monster. Maybe it's
Cabo's mom.
Oh, yeah. We got to They're just sitting
there. That box is ruined. The tactic is
The tactic is just to drop that. They
both die. People died. We got them all
killed. Wait, they all died? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Were they losing? Was it the
Oh, yeah. The box did it. Wow. Let's go,
baby. Oh.
Okay. Carefully. Oh no. Ralph is back.
Oh, that's a It's just a little guy.
It's just a little guy. You're supposed
to ignore him, right? Yeah, just ignore
that guy. Got some Randy cups over here.
Okay. Yeah, those were I put those
there. We need like 9,000 more. Here's
4,300.
Yeah, slowly. Okay, I think that's
actually enough. My glass. I did. Did I
do it? Oops. No, that was me. Okay. Do
we go this way? Yeah. Hold on. Just
going to walk. I'll walk this one.
And to the left, I guess. Oh, I'm so
sorry. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's
okay. I try not to run over Ralph. Where
is he? Hello. Oh, he walked right past I
can't see very well with this in my
face. So, yeah, you're good. Just come
in. Okay.
A big flask looking thing. What is Yeah,
this is where I keep my Kool-Aid. We got
two of those. That's a lot of Kool-Aid.
This is where I keep my schedule one
stuff.
Okay. Um, is that where you keep it? We
need $2,000 more dollars. Yeah, let's
just go get Yeah, my money. Go ahead.
Oops.
Check in the cabinet here. Oh, I found
something. Look.
$2,600. $2,900 alive. Nice. Should I
clear it or should we get more money?
Wait, wait, wait.
Don't Oh, no. Be careful. That thing
will fire a laser beam. Yeah, I think
it's
like Yeah, I'm going to go very slow. Do
not let it touch anything. It will go
off and blow blow up everything. What if
I aim this at you? Don't do that. Worth.
23,000. Oh my goodness. Watch. Aim it
down spot. Aim it up carefully. I'm
going to hold it. Put the book on. Try
books on. If I get crushed, I get
crushed. For the money. It's for the
money. Dude, look how much money that
is. How much? I can't see. Plus 25,000.
Plus
25. It's okay. We got his head. Just got
to get him
home. Come on.
What was that? I don't know. Let's just
be quiet and get him
home. I'm
running. Are you behind me? Okay.
Straight ahead. Straight ahead. Straight
ahead,
dude. Dude, that that went right over
our head. That was right over our head.
We got to hit the thing.
Wait, is Ralph coming? He coming home
with us. He's my new pet. He's my pet
cat. It's by Chico. That's what I'm
going to grow to Chico.
Oh no.
That was That laser went right over our
heads. Yeah, dude. That was scary, bro.
I thought we were dead there.
$73,000 there. Look at that. That is
crazy for the third level. That's
actually pretty good. That's pretty
good. Wait, where' Ralph go? I feel
about the window. Yeah. Oh, it's a good
thing. Yeah,
the chat for Ralph, baby.
You ruined it. I did.